So subsetting a list is
a little bit different.
Because you can use the double bracket or
the dollar sign operator.
You can also use the single
bracket operator.
So here I've got a list, the first element
is called, is a named element called foo.
That's an ind, and
it's a sequence 1 through 4.
And the second element is named bar,
and it's the number 0.6.
So this is a list of two elements in it.
I can extract the first element by
using the single square bracket.
And I get, when I, remember the single
square bracket always returns the element
that's the same class as the original.
So if x is a list, than x bracket
1 is going to be a list too.
So what I get back is a list
that has element call foo,
which is a sequence 1 through 4.
Now if I use, so if I use the double
bracket then if I said x double bracket 1,
what I get back is just a sequence,
1 through 4.
So, so the difference here is that in the
first example, I got a list that contained
the sequence 1 through 4, and in the
second example, I got just the sequence.
That's the difference between the single
bracket and the double bracket operator.
In the next example here
I'm using a dollar sign.
And so I'm saying, x dollar bar.
And that what that mean is that,
that gives me that element that
is associated with the name bar.
So in that case it's the,
it's a single number 0.6.
I can also use the double bracket
operator and pass in a string.
So x double bracket quote bar is
the same as doing as x dollar bar and
it just gives me 0.6.
If I use the single bracket with the name,
I can say x bracket quote bar, that gives
me a list with the element bar in it.
So remember, because the single
bracket always returns a list if I'm
going to subset a list.
So the nice thing about being able
to subset an element using its name,
is that you don't have to
remember where it is in the list.
So if I couldn't remember whether
bar was the first element or
was the second element,
I don't have to remember whether, what,
where it is in order to
use the numeric index.
I can just use its name,
and then I don't have to,
then it will automatically extract that,
extract that element from the list.
If you want to extract multiple
elements of a list then you need to
use the single bracket operator.
So for example, if I want the third,
the first and the third element here,
in which case, which is the foo and
the baz element, I can pass a,
a vector, a 1, 3, the numeric vector 1,
3 to x using the single bracket operator.
And that returns to me a list with
the elements foo and the elements baz.
So that's how I extract
multiple elements of a list.
There's, you cannot use
the double bracket or
the dollar sign operators when you only
extract multiple elements of a list.
The nice thing about the double bracket
operator, which is different from
the dollar sign, is that you can use
the double bracket operator to, to,
to index it a list,
where the index itself was computed.
So, notice that when I used
the dollar sign before, I had to,
I actually typed out the word bar.
I had to type out the name of the object.
Sometimes the name of,
sorry the name of the element.
But sometimes the name of the element is
actually the result of some computation.
So for example here I've got a list
with three elements, foo, bar, and baz.
And then I create a variable called
name which is actually the string foo.
So if I use the double bracket
operator on this variable here.
Notice that the there's no element in
the list that has the name, name in it.
But there is an element in the list
that has the name foo in it.
So now when I, when I pass this
variable called name into the double
bracket operator, it returns me the,
the element that was associated with foo.
because that's what the value
of the name variable is.
So if I can,
if I compute the index that I want to use,
then I have to use
the double bracket operator.
If I use the dollar sign,
then it's going to literally look for
an element of the list that's,
that has the word name associated with it,
and that of course doesn't
exist in this list.
So to use the dollar sign I
need to use a literal symbol.
Now, the double bracket operator
can take an integer sequence in as,
rather than a single number, and
the way you can think of this is that
it kind of recurses into the list.
So if you look at this
current list I've got here,
with the first element a is another
list which has elements 10, 12 and 14.
So suppose I wanted to
extract the number 14.
Well, that's really the third
element of the first element, right?
So it's the third element of the list,
which happens to be the first
element of the other list.
And so I can extract the 1,
3 element term by passing the vector 1,
3 to it to the x list using
the double bracket operator.
And that's equivalent to kind of doing
this double sub-setting of one and three.
I can also extract the first element
of the second element by use,
by passing the integer
vector 2,1 to get 3.14